Website Ideas

1: A fabulously wonderful resort catering to the rich and famous (real or imagined)

Glær Resort (Imagined)

Description: Glaer, meaning "clear" Icelandic, is named for the beautiful color of the geothermal pools that the resort is best known for. High profile guests enjoy Glaer because of the therapeutic qualities of the geothermal pools and mineral spa treatments as well as the peaceful and private setting. The location also offers awe-inspiring views of Icelandic landscapes, including glaciers, geysers and the aurora borealis several months of the year. 

When not being pampered, guest may choose to go hiking or skiing on of the many surrounding mountains or take a short drive to the capital city for shopping and entertainment. The resort offers multiple organic dining options on site that cater to every taste bud.

Iceland's pure water and air, the geothermal pools, the fresh food, and majestic scenery have restorative qualities for the mind, body, and soul.

Audience: The rich and famous who want to get away from it all, both figuratively and literally. 

Website function: To persuade the rich and famous that Glaer would be the


2: A local small business (not a chain) that you walk by or frequent

Sofra

Description: Located in Watertown, this small eastern mediterranean cafe is a hot spot for local foodies and coffee enthusiasts. The menu is inspired by foods from Turkey, Lebanon and Greece but with a creative twist from the owners of Sofra. The decor is ethnic in flare with small, low tables for small groups to share. The word sofa in the Turkish means a low table or tray used as a dining table.

Audience: Local foodies and coffee enthusiasts

Website function: To offer a detailed menu, a place to highlight the frequently rotating, seasonal specials, and to share recipes or news through a blog. 


3: A lobbying group or political party (real or fake)

The Association of Pedestrian and Bicycle Professionals (APBP) 
 
Description: An association for people working to design, build and advocate for sustainable transportation. APBP serves bicycle and pedestrian planners, engineers and advocates, and others working in related fields of transportation planning and engineering, public health, urban design and planning, and active living.

Audience: Those interested in having a voice regarding sustainable transportation.

Website Function: To update proponents on progress and actions yet to be taken. To raise awareness and to raise funds to support the cause.
